Recover session for paymentIntents and sources if the session got lost (#107)
pickware/ShopwareStripePayment: CHANGELOG.md

## NEXT PATCH RELEASE

### en

> * Fixes a bug that caused error messages to be displayed incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that caused orders not to be created even though the payment was successful.
```
